[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>And I think many
people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to this edition
of "Beyond Belief."
Ancient civilizations.
I've been fascinated with
them, really, all my life.
And we have an
expert, Jason Martell,
who researches ancient
cultures, ancient civilizations.
And some of the things he has
uncovered are quite startling.
Jason, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>JASON MARTELL: Thanks, George.
>>NOORY: Always good
seeing you, my friend.
>>MARTELL: It's a pleasure
to be on your show.
>>NOORY: What's new
these days with you?
>>MARTELL: Well, you
know, for many years
I've been talking about planning
some expeditions to some
of these more esoteric sites.
And so we're finally starting
to put that into motion
through this new venture
called Ancient Explorers.
And very excited to bring
small groups of people
to some of these
exotic locations
and deploy some very interesting
technology that's not usually
in use on a lot of these tours.
>>NOORY: When you're
out on these sites,
isn't it baffling
how they came up
with whatever
technology they might
have had to do what they did?
>>MARTELL: Very baffling.
I mean, that's
really what's driving
me still today is
most people think
that ancient man was primitive.
Yet everything we're starting
to find is to the contrary.
Their ability to
build monuments that
aligned to points in space, the
type of architecture that they
used, mortarless stone
building technology.
And then, yes, various pieces
of artifacts and things
that kind of stick out and
get our attention really
just all stir
together and make us
question our true
origins and our past.
>>NOORY: And they made these
with architectural accuracy,
where they can't even put a
razor blade between things.
They're seamless.
>>MARTELL: They really are.
>>NOORY: My gosh!
>>MARTELL: They really are,
and a lot of times people
ask what's the overriding
piece of evidence
for lost technology
or ancient aliens?
Whether it's alien or
not, definitely the term
vitrification, exactly
what you're describing,
is somehow ancient man was
heating granite, diorite,
hardest stones we have on Earth.
>>NOORY: And moving them.
>>MARTELL: And moving them, too.
But they would make them almost
into like a lava-like state,
and then it would be very easy
to make them pliable and fit
in sites like we see like
Machu Picchu and Sacsayhuaman.
>>NOORY: Right.
One of Jason's works, of
course, it is called "X Facts."
Tell me a little bit
about this, Jason.
>>MARTELL: Sure.
My book "X Facts, A
Knowledge Apocalypse"
is really just kind of a Cliff
Notes to the various ventures
that I've been looking
into in the 20 years now
that I've been
exploring these topics.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MARTELL: A lot of people
are interested in, again,
firsthand experience.
And so I'm really hoping
that we can lead expeditions
with people that can
actually come along
with us because really a
picture's worth a thousand
words.
>>NOORY: That's exciting.
What drives you?
What got you into this?
>>MARTELL: Well, you know,
when I was in college someone
had kind of mentioned a face
on Mars and some other things
that-- I was just
a waiter, a surfer,
no interest in any of these
topics about our history.
But I found out that even
though mainstream science has
certain views about
our origins, there
is a whole alternate set of
information, a new wave of data
that's coming out, both
science and religion.
And so I found it
very fascinating
to look into the past and
utilize modern technology
to merge those two, and
hopefully, get a better
compass on where we're going.
>>NOORY: It is
absolutely stunning
when you continue to
investigate this and uncover
these various aspects.
I remember the story
of the Baghdad Battery.
>>MARTELL: Right.
>>NOORY: What the heck?
It was really a battery.
They used it for something.
>>MARTELL: Yes.
>>NOORY: But what?
>>MARTELL: Yeah,
and that's what--
you know, mainstream science
kind of presents something
interesting, but then
there's alternative views
that are a lot more interesting.
The Baghdad Battery, they
found about a dozen of them
in modern day Iraq.
And it's about a 4-inch tall
device, a clay pot, an iron rod
down the center with
a copper lining.
And if you fill it with any
weak acidic acid, vinegar, grape
juice, it actually generates
a positive current.
Mainstream science
says that ancient man
was using it to electroplate
jewelry, like heat
up silver or gold
and spray it over.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
Yeah.
>>MARTELL: That's
interesting enough.
>>NOORY: Maybe a light?
>>MARTELL: But right,
there are actual depictions
in ancient Egypt in a
crypt called Dendara, which
is known as the
light-giving source.
And sure enough, it shows
ancient Egyptians holding up
what appears to be
a large light bulb.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MARTELL: So if you depict the
bulb and the battery together,
ancient electricity.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
Our late friend,
Zecharia Sitchin,
in his book, of course, "The
Earth Chronicles," mentioned
in "The 12th Planet"
book that there's
another planet in
our solar system
called Planet X basically.
>>MARTELL: Yes.
>>NOORY: Nibiru that circles
us every 3,600 years.
>>MARTELL: That's correct.
>>NOORY: It's in that
kind of elliptical orbit.
And he claimed that the
Anunnaki came from that planet,
came down here and seeded us.
You've looked at the theory
of Planet X, haven't you?
>>MARTELL: I have.
I spent a little
bit over a decade
specifically on just Planet X
and the teachings of Sitchin.
And obviously with any
information or hypothesis,
things evolve.
Sitchin will always be
one of the great people
to literally bring to
focus Anunnaki or the term
Nibiru, that ancient Planet
X. And the search for Planet X
is really interesting, George,
because mainstream science
keeps putting it
back on the radar.
There are a lot of people that
hear the term Planet X just
from Sitchin and become
instantly skeptical and say,
whoa, this is all mythological
stuff in the past.
But it's not.
Our current sciences
continually are
finding extra solar
planets, or brown dwarfs,
or bodies that are in
some intricate dance
with our own solar system.
And it brings up this
question over and over,
is there a large
body beyond Pluto
that we still have to detect?
And does it meet the criteria
of this ancient Planet X?
And if it does, maybe there's
people living on that planet.
>>NOORY: Sitchin read
cuneiforms from ancient Iraq
from the Sumerians.
He interpreted it the
way he felt he did.
But what I find
fascinating about all of it
is he talked about a
collision between Earth
and this other planet or
something that was out there.
>>MARTELL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Today
scientists are saying
the moon was created by
a collision between Earth
and another planetary object,
which then formed the moon.
>>MARTELL: That's right.
>>NOORY: Amazing because he
talked about this years ago.
>>MARTELL: Really it's, again,
one of those things where
modern science-- I think about
a year ago I saw this program
on the Discovery Channel
where they said this is called
the Orpheus Theory where a
large extra solar planet whacked
our primitive Earth
and then the debris--
>>NOORY: Created the moon.
>>MARTELL: Right.
Coalesced into our moon.
Very close to what Sitchin says.
And, you know, what's
really interesting
about the Sitchin
Hypothesis is we're
looking for a planet
that's four to eight
times the size of Earth.
So there have been all
these other little ice
balls or planets that are--
>>NOORY: Planetoids.
>>MARTELL: Planetoids.
You know, Sedna, Quaoar, Xena.
>>NOORY: Pluto.
>>MARTELL: Pluto.
>>NOORY: Poor Pluto.
>>MARTELL: But if
we find one that's
four to eight times
the size of Earth,
I don't think that's
something that we would miss.
Most of the amateur
astronomers pick up things
like Hale Bopp or Shoemaker
Levy 9 that whacked Jupiter--
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>MARTELL: -well before
the professional community.
>>NOORY: Some people,
some conspiracy theorists,
say that we already know
there's this planet out there
and that they're
afraid to tell us.
Why would they be
afraid to tell us?
>>MARTELL: Well, you brought up
something interesting, George,
about the past of Planet
X. And geologically,
we've heard the term of Pangea.
And no one can really refute
now that the continents
are like a skin of an apple.
They were all connected
to one large mass.
>>NOORY: And you can
see it's like a puzzle.
They fit perfectly.
>>MARTELL: Yeah, right.
And they all fit.
The idea of Pangea
is right in alignment
with the ancient
Sumerian cosmology
that this ancient planet
whacked our primitive Earth
making it into half a planet and
strewing out the asteroid belt.
So, again, I think it's just
a matter of interpretation.
And a lot of people have
approached our history
either from a religious or
from a scientific viewpoint.
Overlapping those, we're
seeing massive crossover
that we still have to
investigate further and hope
that our sciences can catch
up to actually validate
a lot of these things that
were said in the past.
>>NOORY: Do believe there's
a Planet X out there?
>>MARTELL: I firmly
believe there's
a Planet X. I think
it's a little bit more
complicated to answer
based on new things
that I've become
interested in, which
is this precession of the
equinox and looking at the idea
that we are possibly a
binary solar system, meaning
not just one sun, two.
>>NOORY: Where is the other sun?
>>MARTELL: Well, it
could be a failed
star at this point,
a brown dwarf.
>>NOORY: So you couldn't
see it, basically.
>>MARTELL: We can't see it,
but there's all the evidence
to suggest something's been
hurling debris towards us.
Even Dr. Richard Muller
at Berkeley came up
with the idea of Nemesis,
some planet that's
orbiting that second sun--
>>NOORY: That could be--
>>MARTELL: -and dislodges.
>>NOORY: -Planet X, right?
>>MARTELL: It could be.
So I definitely
think that if we are
going to look for the Sitchin
Planet X and the modern Planet
X, it's going to
be an orbit Planet
X that goes around two suns.
And that obviously changes
the orbital mechanics
of what we've traditionally
looked at from Nibiru
and that 3,600 orbit of
that long elliptical orbit.
It has to be looping around
something else, you know.
>>NOORY: Are scientists
looking for this Planet X?
>>MARTELL: They are.
And as you mentioned,
is there a cover up?
People are looking for
it, but to what degree
they are labeling it the ancient
Sumerian Planet X, that's
where it gets a little watery.
The Vatican has been looking.
I know there's observatories
in Hawaii and in Australia.
So there's a vast
array of things
that the scientific
community is looking at.
I don't think they're
always specifically looking
for Planet X. But there
have been telescopes
that they've purposed
as planet hunters,
and then they've been
re-purposed to look
for specifically extra
solar planets, a Planet X.
>>NOORY: Would they tell
us if they found it?
>>MARTELL: I don't know.
I mean, if we look at some of
the things that have happened
in the past, NASA,
National Aeronautics Space
Administration, also means
never a straight answer.
Now, not to point
the finger at them,
but some of these galactic
events like Shoemaker Levy 9
broke up into large fragments
and impacted Jupiter
in such a way that
it left holes that
could fit four to eight Earths
in each of these little--
>>NOORY: And thank God
Jupiter was there to take it.
>>MARTELL: Yes.
But NASA said, don't
worry about it.
It's not going to be
anything interesting to see.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MARTELL: It was
very interesting.
>>NOORY: Or it won't
happen here, they thought.
>>MARTELL: Or it won't
happen here, right.
So, you know, I think everyone
needs to pay attention
to the space sciences that
we're doing, Goddard Space
Center, JPL, and other agencies
around the world, Japan
and Europe.
That even as a layman
someone could pay attention
and start to see
patterns of what they're
looking into from
a corporate level,
and kind of where
their focus will
be over the next 10 to 20 years.
>>NOORY: Jason Martell
with us, of course,
here on "Beyond Belief."
Jason, do you believe
in the Anunnaki theory?
That they came here, genetically
altered whatever creatures
were on the planet,
and here we are?
>>MARTELL: I do.
You know, again,
I was very heavily
influenced by Zecharia
Sitchin's teachings
and uncovering that this
ancient Sumerian culture talks
about a time that we
today think of mythology,
they were interacting
with beings
that they considered gods.
Now what I've come
to find, George,
is that the Sumerian
epic of these Anunnaki
is around 6,000
years ago, 4,000 BC.
And that is in
complete alignment
with all of our
biblical tales now,
the Old Testament,
the Christian version.
And so all these stories kind
of parallel this Anunnaki
interaction.
But there are cultures
from all around the world,
especially the
ancient Hindu gods,
that go back thousands
and thousands of years
before our recorded history
that we're currently
fascinated with now
in ancient Iraq.
So I think it's
going to continue
to evolve that there are other
cultures that had influence
from some advanced race, whether
it was Anunnaki specifically.
I think there were definitely
other factions, not just
the Anunnaki that
were interacting
with human civilization.
>>NOORY: You brought
us some images,
and I want to go to image
number 1 first, Jason--
>>MARTELL: Great.
>>NOORY: -and have you
explain what that is.
What is that?
>>MARTELL: Well, this is
an image that is basically
showing one of the
gods, a Sumerian god,
granting the plow to mankind.
Modern agriculture.
Nothing too interesting.
But as a backdrop, what we
see is a complete diagram
of our solar system with the
sun depicted in the middle.
Now, Copernicus, Galileo, we
all thought we were the center--
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>MARTELL: -until we
had advanced astronomy.
>>NOORY: You could have
just looked at this
and it would have
told you, right?
>>MARTELL: Right.
So there's a lot of evidence
that shows pictorial images.
And again, an image
is a thousand words
that really start to raise our
eyebrows and understanding what
they were really showing us.
>>NOORY: And let
me ask you, when
this was-- how old is this?
>>MARTELL: This seal
is around 4,500 BC.
>>NOORY: 4,500 BC, so
it's over 6,000 years old.
>>MARTELL: Yes.
>>NOORY: Who made it?
Humans?
>>MARTELL: Yeah.
So basically how
this was invented
was a Sumerian scribe,
who could read and write
cuneiform script,
would reverse carve
on a round surface--
which we still
don't know how they did
this, they would reverse
carve these images and
then roll it over wet clay
to leave the positive imprint.
They'd take that
clay tablet, stick it
in a kiln, an ancient stove.
Literally keying that
phrase, writing in stone.
>>NOORY: And there it is.
>>MARTELL: So they leave
us pictograms like this
and then accompany
it with texts,
so they could easily
disseminate throughout the town
images and text.
Like an ancient newspaper.
>>NOORY: Truly amazing.
>>MARTELL: It really is.
>>NOORY: Second image.
Let's take a look at this one.
What in the heck is this?
>>MARTELL: Well, this
is a classic depiction
of an Anunnaki from the back.
And really what's
interesting, this
is an Anunnaki named--
the God of Isis,
or she's also called Ninhursag,
a couple other names that
come from various translations.
But what's really
interesting is the detail
that they went in
building this artifact.
You can even see little
screws in the hands.
So again, I think this is
an interesting depiction
of the Anunnaki, these beings
who had the power of flight,
and just the detail
and intricacy that they
put into creating such
types of artifacts.
>>NOORY: Truly amazing.
Are those wings?
>>MARTELL: Yes, those are wings.
And she is always depicted as
flying over the skies of Earth.
There's even a
Sumerian tale that
says she became attracted
to one of these kings
and his name was Gilgamesh.
And King Gilgamesh
knew that whenever
she would take any of the
men that she was attracted
to into her sky abode,
they never returned.
[NOORY LAUGHS]
So he politely
said no, thank you.
So there are lots
of tales that speak
of this flying god, this female.
>>NOORY: Next image, of course.
Tell us about this.
>>MARTELL: Well, this is
from the British Museum
and it's labeled as
the Flood Tablet.
So very interesting
that there are--
>>NOORY: Like the
Noah's Flood tablet?
>>MARTELL: That's right.
It's not just a paper
version in the Bible.
We have an actual stone version.
And when they first
excavated this in Iraq,
it was an ancient Arcadian
version-- Acadian.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MARTELL: -and the
gentleman, George Smith,
upon translating it,
realized it was the flood
and threw his hands
up and couldn't
believe that he possibly
found the actual Flood Tablet.
>>NOORY: That tablet
depicts Noah's Ark--
>>MARTELL: Yes.
It's part--
>>NOORY: -and the flood?
>>MARTELL: It's part of a
much longer epic in Sumerian
where it talks about why
there was a great flood.
>>NOORY: That's incredible.
>>MARTELL: Yeah, it's
a little bit more
of an elongated tale than
the consolidated version
we have in the Bible.
>>NOORY: Yet,
different sources are
talking about the same thing.
What does that make you think?
That it really happened.
>>MARTELL: Well, you're right.
I mean, there's a
Sumerian version.
This is an Acadian version.
We have the Old Testament,
the New Testament, King James.
So, pretty much,
the Bible is just
stories that have been put
together from various sources.
And there are various depictions
of this same tale told
in other Semitic languages,
and you kind of piece those
all together to get
a clear picture.
>>NOORY: Would there be anything
in the tablet or the Bible,
Jason, that would
lead us to believe
that the story of the flood
might have been caused
by an asteroid hit in the ocean?
Or that it was restricted
to a certain area as opposed
to the entire planet?
>>MARTELL: You know, I
don't know of any specifics.
But in this elongated version,
the Epic of Enuma Elish,
it does talk about
why there was a flood,
and it talks about
this Planet X.
This ancient Nibiru
passing by our planet--
>>NOORY: Creating this.
>>MARTELL: Yeah.
And it basically just cracked
off a piece of the ice,
dropping it in a glass of water,
instantly raising the water
levels.
>>NOORY: Sure, huge.
>>MARTELL: And so
that's pretty much
what it's explaining as why
there was a great flood.
>>NOORY: All right.
Next image.
>>MARTELL: Well, classic--
>>NOORY: A solar system.
>>MARTELL: Classic depiction
of our solar system.
>>NOORY: Nothing unusual
about that, or is there?
>>MARTELL: Well, you
know, most people
think that we're on the
third rock from the sun.
You hear that from
the popular term.
But actually, if you're
coming from outside
of our solar system in,
Earth is the seventh planet.
Sacred number 7,
7 days in a week.
So it's very interesting
the Sumerians depicted Earth
as key, the seventh planet.
And the image is really showing
a model of-- the Sumerians
were aware of all the planets
we know of, but included
this additional planet,
Nibiru, as a 12th planet.
So they counted the
nine planets, our Sun,
and our Moon--
>>NOORY: Well, now let
me ask you something.
>>MARTELL: -and then Nibiru.
>>NOORY: Let me
ask you something.
>>MARTELL: Yeah?
>>NOORY: Most of
the outer planets
weren't discovered
until way later.
>>MARTELL: That's right.
>>NOORY: Are you saying
that the Sumerians already
knew that they were there?
>>MARTELL: They did.
So we didn't send probes
into the outer region
of space, Galileo, Voyager.
We're talking late
'70s, early '80s,
we got the first color
pictures of Pluto and Uranus.
And it turns out that
they are identically
matched for the Sumerian
descriptions of Pluto
and Uranus being bluish-green,
calling it mosh sea.
They literally gave the distance
between the planets as well.
So somehow, it's very
miraculous that our science
is confirming what they
knew 6,000 years ago.
>>NOORY: Somebody gave
them celestial information.
>>MARTELL: I think so.
>>NOORY: My gosh.
All right, next image.
>>MARTELL: So again, just
an artistic rendition
of our Earth and
understanding that there
could have been a
time in our past
where Nibiru was literally in
the vicinity of our planet.
There are obviously
the descriptions
of this interaction
that caused havoc,
but that was well in our past.
It could be that in
the future, there
could be successive orbits that
allow further communication
between Nibiru and
Earth, if there
are beings living
on that planet.
>>NOORY: So give us
an overview, Jason,
of what you think is out
there in the universe
that we don't understand,
that we're not being told.
>>MARTELL: Well, from
a real high level,
I think that when
we look at shows
like "Star Trek"
and "Star Wars,"
there's this Galactic
Federation of Planets and races
that are intelligently
working together.
I think that's probably the
norm across other worlds,
is that if we ever do discover
intelligent life, not just
bacterial life,
intelligent life,
there has to be a
system of law and order
to maintaining that
level of integrity.
So I think everything
happens for a reason,
and it appears that
our civilization is
on a path to exponentially
learning more, opening
the door to are we alone,
and learning things
about ghosts and
other dimensions.
All of these things
kind of, again,
cross over into our
sciences needing to catch up
and things that we think
are paranormal today
might become science tomorrow.
>>NOORY: The late "New
York Times" science writer,
Walter Sullivan, wrote a
book called "We Are Not
Alone," fascinated me when I
was a kid, about his theories
that there were other
intelligent life
forms out there in the universe.
And there could be hundreds,
thousands, millions, billions--
>>MARTELL: I hope so.
>>NOORY: -that are
out there all striving
to find out what we're
trying to find out right now,
and that's that simple answer.
Who are we?
What are we?
>>MARTELL: Right.
Where do we come from?
And the more we look to our
past, these mythological tales
that clearly depict
beings and interaction
with technological
references, I think
we're going to further
explore these topics
and find that science
can answer it.
We just need to continue
to go down this path.
>>NOORY: What fascinates
you about all this, Jason?
>>MARTELL: Well--
>>NOORY: The quest?
>>MARTELL: Yeah, I
think it's the quest.
You know, when I
was a child, there
was things that made me
excited and mystery, right?
Today, there's not much mystery.
Everything we kind of know.
So--
>>NOORY: We think we know.
>>MARTELL: We think we know.
So that's why I love this
research is it brings back
the child-like interest of being
curious and wanting to really
have the sense of
wonder in our reality.
>>NOORY: Do you think we'll
ever get these answers?
>>MARTELL: I sure hope so.
I'm definitely making it
a quest in my lifetime.
I've already seen that this
wasn't a path that I chose;
it was put before me.
And my life is like
a platter of fruit,
it's just filling up with
things that make me happy.
And the way I want to give back
is the technology and things
that we are learning today
through our connected world,
through drones and various
other things that we're doing,
sensors and biometric
pressure sensors.
And there's a lot
of things that we
can do to start to look at these
ancient sites and deploy radar
and technology and get a
clearer picture of what
might be buried.
Or things that we don't
fully understand yet,
I think our sciences are
going to start to further push
this envelope with our computing
capability and just access
to technology in general.
>>NOORY: Are there
any scientists
out there that you
would say they're
trying to get these answers?
>>MARTELL: Yes, definitely.
And that's where I
feel very grateful,
is that a lot of
these people now
are either colleagues
or friends of mine.
>>NOORY: Good.
>>MARTELL: Walter Cruttenden
with the Binary Research
Institute.
Again, Goddard Space Center,
Jet Propulsion Laboratories.
A lot of these companies, while
they are government-controlled
or government funded,
there is a breakout process
happening right now
where, as you know,
NASA isn't even doing
shuttle missions anymore.
>>NOORY: No.
Nothing.
>>MARTELL: It's all
private space industry.
So there's a lot of room
for entrepreneurs and people
who can get together
and figure out a new way
to do this, and maybe push
the envelope in science
as well as risk beyond what NASA
would traditionally have done.
Hopefully, within our lifetime,
whether or not the answers
will be all given
to us, probably not.
But are we alone in
the universe, things
that have happened to us in the
past, I think a lot more light
can be shed on these topics.
>>NOORY: And going back to these
ancient civilizations again,
and some of the things that
they might have experienced.
Whether they were told
things from those above
or they had
knowledge far greater
than what we believe
they had today,
fascinating how they were
able to come up with this.
Because I think of things
like the Dogon Tribe,
talking about the
Sirius star system.
What was it, hundreds of
years before we found out
that there was indeed a
Sirius star system out there?
>>MARTELL: Yeah.
And it's interesting,
this Dogon Tribe
has a lot of connections
with ancient Egypt.
And so it's very
interesting that yes, there
are cultures that were
disconnected from civilization,
yet echo the same knowledge
from high civilizations
that we know of today.
So I think there's
a lot of answers
that we are going to uncover.
That's definitely
my quest of interest
is to look at a
lot of these sites,
and not just go there and take
pictures, but use technology
to push the needle
in our understanding.
>>NOORY: What's the
one aspect of what
you do that excites
you more than anything?
>>MARTELL: Well, I
got to say right now
it's utilizing drone technology.
Being able to mount sensors
on lightweight aerial packages
where you can get
video footage, but also
ground penetrating radar and
barometric pressure readings.
There's a lot of
things that are going
to allow us to lighten the
load that we might have
traditionally used in a
large 747 or something
to go over a location.
They are going to now be small
instruments highly-packed
with scientific data.
>>NOORY: That's the
good part of drones.
>>MARTELL: Yes, that's
the good part of drones.
>>NOORY: Jason, if
people want to monitor
what you do, where
do they find you?
>>MARTELL: Well,
they could probably
follow along with us
at ancientexplorers.com
where we're going to be
going to a lot of these sites
first-hand.
>>NOORY: Good luck on
many of your missions.
>>MARTELL: Thank you.
>>NOORY: One day, maybe
we'll get the answers
to who are we, what are we,
doing are we doing here?
We need people like Jason
Martell, true researchers,
true explorers to
get these answers.
I'm George Noory, and thank you
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]